"inplace" argument is used in any methods of Series or DataFrame.
It is used in order to control the changes made by the methods on Series or DataFrame object.
Whether the method will modify the object or return the new object with the changes applied.
When "inplace" is set to True, it does not return a new object but make changes in the orginal object.
But, When "inplace" is set to False, it returns a new object with the changes applied.

Resampling the data
Resampling means changing the frequency of time series data.
In context of time-series data, frequency means, the regular interval at which data points are collected or observed.
We do the resampling through "resample()".
resample() function takes frequency codes as argument in order to change the frequency.
"D" for Daily frequency.
"W" for Weekyly frequency.
"M" for Monthly(End of the mpnth).
"Q" for Quaterly(End of the quater).
"A" for Annualy(End of the year).
"T" for Minutes frequency.
syntax:- df.resample('frequency_code', on="column_name")
The column_name is the column, in which, we need to change the frequency of its values.
For example, converting Daily data to Monthly data.
While converting data into Monthly data, we need to decide, how are we going to consider the value that represents
the Monthly data.
We can consider the month end value as monthly data or the average value of month.
For month end value, we can use "last()" method and for average, we can use "mean()" method.

Locator
We first import "matplotlib.dates", that has the dates plotting capabilites.
Today, we have used YearLocator() and MonthLocator() classes that will automatically generate tick locations on the x-axis.
They are specifically used for locating years and months respectively on the x-axis.
We set "years" as major locator, means major tick.
"months" as minor locator, means small tick.
To format date on x-axis, we use DateFormatter() class, we have passed "%Y" to format date as years.
syntax:- ax1.xaxis.set_major_locator(years)
ax1.xaxis.set_minor_locator(months)
ax1.xaxis.set_major_formatter(date_format)

"dpi" argument used in figure(), in order to set the dotes per inch(DPI) for the chart that is going to be displayed.
A higher dpi value ensures the high quality and detailed image.
dpi argument can affect the size and quality of image.
NOTE:- Resolution means the level of detail, an image, display or output device represents.
It measures how finally, an image is rendered.

grid() method is used to activate grid lines on and off on the axes of a plot.
Grid lines are horizontal and vertical lines that span on the plotting area and intersect at major tick locations
on the axes.